Information about PV Modules/Systems:

Photovoltaic (PV) systems are systems used in order to harness energy from Solar Panels. Each individual solar panel can be hooked to its own micro PV system, or a 
cluster of panels can be attached through one PV system; converting, diverting, and inverting all through the same system. This can be beneficial when panels are located
on different parts of a roof/require different angles, therefore collecting varrying levels of energy throughout the day. Having a PV system for each individual 
solar panel gives the advantage of collecting unique data based on solar irradiance, panel degree, peak hours of colletion, etc..

Converting/Inverting: In each PV system there can be a micro converter or a micro inverter. A micro converter is used in most residential solar panel systems; this 
converts Direct Current (DC) energy collected by the solar panel into usable Alternating Current (AC) energy. Most residential homes don't have a usage for DC energy. 
From the definition of converter, it is easy to assume that an inverter just does the opposite. An inverter takes any excess AC energy, or energy collected from the 
grid and converts it into DC energy. 

Diverting: After the energy is converted from DC to AC the system has three options on what to do. One, the energy created can be put right back into the home/building, 
lowering the total energy intake/usage. Two, if there is any excess energy after internal usage, it can be diverted to the entire energy grid (think city grid) for 
others to use. This isn't so common as most solar panels don't create enough energy to completely make up for a homes electricity usage*. If it is the case, individuals 
would get some sort of copensation for their excess energy (think of it being sold and used somewhere else in the grid). Third, and quite uncommon for individuals 
looking at solar panels for green usages is storing the energy extenerally (e.g. large batteries).  

The PV model used in our article refrences The Consortium For Electric Reliability Technology Solutions (CERTS). This is the idea of making each individual PV system 
in a select grid act as voltage sources. This is also possible for individual systems not connected to the grid. Capable of maintaining a certain level of voltage 
regardless of the total output current. 

Figure 3 shows the Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) algorithm which limits the power-frequency (P-f) droop controller. When we see a decrease in solar irradiance 
the P-max also decreases (figure 4 from P-max0 to P-max1). This creates a tradeoff allowing an increase in frequency, to make up for the lost voltage in the PV model. 

Solar Irradiance data needs to be adjusted for the incidence angle. It is said to adjust it through Section 3 - Part A: all this does is mention an algorithm and 
references a different article (eye-roll). However, in Section 3 - Part D-2 we are introduced to a Irradiance Astronomical Model which states that this expression 
generates an incidence angle which can be used in a formula to determine effective solar irradiance. 

  cos Θ(t, n) = sinδ(t, n)sin(L)cos(β)
                  − sinδ(t, n)cos(L)sin(β)cos(α)
                    + cosδ(t, n)cos(L)cos(β)cosω(t, n)
                      + cosδ(t, n)sin(L)sin(β)cos(α)cosω(t, n)
                        + cosδ(t, n)sin(β)sin(α)sinω(t, n)
  δ ∈ [−23.45◦, 23.45◦] == Solar Declination angle
  L == Latitude
  β == Inclination of the solar panel
  α == Asimuthal displacement
  ω(t, n) ∈ [0, 360◦] == The hour angle
  
  The formula for the effective solar irradiance is as stated:
  
  I_{eff}(t, n) = I_{sun}(t, n) · cosΘ(t, n)

*For Reference: 13 Solar Panels rated at 200 watts with an average irradiance of 4 peak hours of sun (varries based on region) creates 10 Kilowatt-hours (kWh) of 
electricity per day. The average american household consumes 11,000 kWh of electricity a year; averaging to approximately 30.14 kWh per day.   
